Hello Matteo and Niccolò.

This was a fun project, and whatever the outcome I will spend more time on improving it later.
It took me somewhat longer than I expected, mostly because I changed the prediction model
couple of times while developing. All together I spent about 16 hours, plus some reading
on the subject. Please if any questions, let me know, I suspect it's not very easy to
understand the code.

APPROACH:
When I got the task, I considered 3 implementations:

1. Calculations on the 3 previous days independent from the rest of the data
2. Mathematical extrapolation
3. Calculations on the whole range using HMM-based statistical inference

The first one seemed too simple, the second would require learning packages and techniques that I am not
familiar with. So I decided to try the third one with HMM - it's pure statistics after all, and I knew a
little about its applications to weather forecasts, stock market and genetic info processing in bioinformatics.

INTERFACE:
There are 3 tables left, I removed several non-essential pieces of the interface.
1. Request info table
2. Results stats table
3. Retrieved, calculated and predicted data details table - a row for each record

IMPLEMENTATION:
Turned out that yahoo is going through some modifications of their API, so I switched to google finance
for getting the data - hope it's not important.

I did not concentrate on the look-and-feel, just took an exisitng cross-table css and tweaked
it to the way I want my dataframe to be looking like. And after some experiments dropped all
attempts to use D3 graphs for the main dataframe dataset - the nature of the findings did not require
that type of graphical visualization.

From the beginning I coded it so it can process data for any ticker, any (reasonable)range
of analyzed backdata (suggested was 3 days) and any (reasonable again) time period (suggested was 365).
So besides the default call of http://127.0.0.1:5000 you can try things like
http://127.0.0.1:5000/FB,5,500 or http://127.0.0.1:5000/GOOG,4,450 or whatever. If the numbers make no
sense or get out of reasonable range, you will be informed in the browser. This way it's also easier for
me to expand the package functionality for the future experiments.

There are 3 predicted pieces for the next day:

1. "Tier Guess" - check if the predicted price ended up in predicted tier
   "no data" entries mean that this pattern never happened before or after so it does not influence
   anything.

2. "Up/Down Guess" - check if at least the predicted price is in the predicted direction (up or down)

3.  "Price Guess" - middle of the tier for predicted price (to be compared with "Close" column).
    Those looks surprisingly good, but I did not quantify their difference from "Close".
    Maybe it's worth to add a column with abs("Price Guess"-"Close")% - please let me know

Each HMM is a string with direction (+ or -) and tier char (L, M, H). For example for 3 days it can be '-H-M+L'.
HMM patterns pointed to each actual historical next day record are counted, srted by frequency, and the most
common are used for prediction - this is all in set_hmm_state method which calls set_guesses function
on each record; after the whole frame is processed, it backpropagates findings to the records that did not
have any data in the beginning.

FINDINGS:
Most of 'Tier Guess' percent values are arond 50%, so with bigger ratio of the range to the days to analyze
it seems to imrove a bit. However the 'Up/Down Guess' is noticeably higher, over 60%.
You can try and see the difference:

http://127.0.0.1:5000/FB/3/450
http://127.0.0.1:5000/FB/3/500
http://127.0.0.1:5000/FB/3/550

The findings are quite surprising. Most of predictions work
The default case of 3 days of data for 365 days (http://127.0.0.1:5000/FB,3,365) give 62% for the price tier
and 64% for price direction (up/down)%.
Please play with it, here are some examples:
http://127.0.0.1:5000/FB,5,500
http://127.0.0.1:5000/GOOG,5,500

TODO:
1. The single most important thing to improve is the performance. The dataframe processing code
takes most of the time, up to 40 seconds on my MacBook Pro. I tried to replace copule of subs with
generators but generators did not yield correctly pandas dataframe elements and constrcted some
Series with basically garbage, and I did not have time to figure out what it's about. That I can
spend some time on this coming weekend if it matters to you.

2. Test. Normally I write a unit test at work I write unit test for each feature but there was
so much refactoring in this project so I left it to the end and pretty much did not do any, just the
placeholder t/prophetTest.py. Same comment here: this weekend I could add some if it still matters.

3. Since most of the requested ranges overlap, there's a lot of room for to cache or pickle. Simply
did not get to this.

4. There are several more variable to add to the model, -
 - account for Spread which I calculate but do not use
 - assign weights on matching patterm frequencies, e.g. an HMM that confirmed 20 times should have higher
   weight than that one of two
- I tried to draw graphcs with D3 (there is a commented out experiment in main.py), it works.
  But I did not decided what data I produce need to be represented that way, and now it's too late to think.



